Dim sum.
and i
okay
Is it...does that place serve in carts?
Oh nice, because a lot of places don't do carts anymore.
Yeah, they just...you yeah you order it and they bring it out.
But it's a lot of places are switching over to that style. i think the only...
Many
warm.
NBC is a huge one.
Yeah, we've been there as a family.
Yeah.
No, it's... It looks like it.
Yeah
I don't know. But.
I hate the parts that restaurants are ridiculously like..
has increased.
All the like but like
Compared to other products that you get, it's the restaurants that really like jumped.
I know like Korean food is like...
or even vietnamese food is no longer cheap
It's like $14 now
Yeah
It's still cheap, yeah.
Wait, did you get even charged for that too?
Oh, it's because your passport is in America? or...
Oh, you got charged.
Yeah add relatives, please, right?
I...
I've had some misses in Japan though.
Yeah, yeah.
Hiroshima
Okayama like i go and...
Okayama is like
it's right after like Osaka area
and in between Hiroshima.
A little bit a little bit
but it's still bigger city but you know where Shikoku that little island is
It's the last stop before it goes off into that island.
Yeah. Oh.
Sorry.
We're talking about...
Gaya is a Korean food.
It's home-cooked like home-cooked dish like lately?
Have you ever tried Komatsu? I think you will want to try Komatsu.
It's on Carson and Crenshaw.
And it's in that little strip mall with, there's a big liquor store.
No, no, no, no. It's, uh...
It used to be where like...
Vietnamese restaurant was there now
And then after the Vietnamese restaurant closed
the Japanese restaurant and..